today is Hillary Clinton's birthday as
is her custom she does every year she
spent a quiet evening drinking the blood
of her enemies and focus testing gift
ideas she even tweeted a message to
herself this is real from at Hillary
Clinton happy birthday to this future
president apparently she's never heard
of a jinx pika is it appropriate to
tweet happy birthday to yourself isn't
that kind of like liking your own status
update on Facebook it's and if you do
are you then on the hook for all the
other holidays like a Mother's Day do
you have to make yourself breakfast in
bed I don't know since it is Hillary's
birthday we wanted to do something fun
to commemorate it so this afternoon went
on the truly ask people who said they
are Donald Trump supporters to say
something nice to Hillary Clinton on her
special day and this is how that went
today's Hillary Clinton's birthday can
you say something nice about her
no I can't really come up anything I
can't say anything positive I'd ask her
if it's truly her birthday or if she's
lying about that too Jess she's a great
con artist and she's great at this
eating the public she's the devil and
her thirty years of politics she's done
nothing for the people I don't have
nothing to say nice about her I won't
even wish her a happy birthday you can't
even say one positive thing about her
for her birthday no it's just for her
birthday which is today that's okay she
didn't call him wish me a happy birthday
song no nothing happy birthday Hillary I
hope that you get what's coming to you
happy birthday Hillary I hope you get
arrested she can have a happy birthday I
just don't care if she has a happy
birthday I hope you had a great day
that's that's something that's it see
that was really nice okay that felt good
right no I think you're a liar and a
murderer and I like your hair
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die